Hi, I'm Ben Sullins, a lifelong data geek.
And, I wanna welcome you to this course,
the Data Professional Kickstart mini course.
It's a free course that is a sample
of the program I have going on at Free the Data Academy.
The whole idea is to take what I learned
over my two-decade-long span in data,
from low-level entry analyst, to chief data officer,
and distill that and give you the skills necessary
to rise to the top.
Throughout my time, there were some key traits
and some key features that I saw
from people that really just succeeded
and thrived in this field, to those that struggled
and had to find work elsewhere.
So, that's what the whole program is about,
this is just a small sample of that,
but one that I hope you find value in.
So sign up down below, and don't forget,
when you free the data, your mind will follow.
I'll see you guys back here soon.